Write Up       This project was based on the article "An Enhanced Least Significant Bit Modification Technique for Audio Steganography" by Muhammad Asad, Junaid Gilani, and Adnan Khalid. Audio steganography hides messages within an audio file and one popular technique that does this is replacing the least significant bit (LSB) of the audio file with the bits from the message. While researching steganography, I noticed there was a ton of information and code that implements LSB steganography. Then I came across the article that wanted to enhanced this technique by changing up which LSB was changed with a bit from the message depending on what the but values were of the first two bit in a byte. Upon doing research, there was little information on enhancing this technique, which inspired me to try and attempt to do what the authors did in the article. Therefore, what was built in the project was the code for hiding a text message and uncovering the message using LSB technique without any enhancements. Since the focus of my project was not LSB technique for hiding and decoding a message, this code was based on code that I have found online and have linked in the files. Two other files that included the attempted enhancements are enhanced.py, which attempts change up the LSB based on the values of the first two most significant bits. The file enhanced_decode.py attempts to decode the enhanced LSB technique. The file song.wav is an audio file used for this project and modified_song.wav is the file that contains the hidden message which is used for decoding the message.  	The unmodified LSB technique written in original.py and the decoding the message of the unenhanced LSB written in decode.py works. The message was successfully hidden with original.py and successfully decoded with decode.py together. What did not work was attempting to enhance the LSB technique by switching up which, first, second, or third LSB, was changed. The code in enhanced.py attempts to do this and while it compiles, it is unknown as to whether or not it was properly hidden in the message since the enhanced_decode.py, which attempts decode the enhanced LSB technique, does not print out the message. It compiles and runs, but the message is not printed out, indicating that the code is incorrect or hiding the message was not done properly. Only the original.py and decode.py files work. However, using original.py with enhanced_decode.py and enhanced.py with decode.py will not work since there are two different techniques used.       The lessons learned are, for one, bitwise manipulation is needed to be better implemented and secondly, this enhancement is possible. This enhancement is of the LSB technique is possible. I struggled a lot with bitwise manipulation, especially with the decoding code. Once the correct bits are used, then implementation of enhancing the LSB technique can be implemented properly. 